{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind1\uc1\pard\paperw15840\paperh12240\margl1440\margr1440\f0\fs16\par
Seq\tab Control\tab Definition\tab Start.Here\tab Modified Text\tab End.Here\tab Unmodified Text\par
{\pard 1\tab \\b*\tab Bold.\tab \b1\tab Bold.\tab \b0\tab Bold.\par}
{\pard 2\tab \\caps*\tab All capitals.\tab \caps1\tab All capitals.\tab \caps0\tab All capitals.\par}
{\pard 3\tab \\i*\tab Italic.\tab \i1\tab Italic.\tab \i0\tab Italic.\par}
{\pard 4\tab \\impr*\tab Engrave (imprint).\tab \impr1\tab Engrave (imprint).\tab \impr0\tab Engrave (imprint).\par}
{\pard 5\tab \\outl*\tab Outline.\tab \outl1\tab Outline.\tab \outl0\tab Outline.\par}
{\pard 6\tab \\scaps*\tab Small capitals.\tab \scaps1\tab Small capitals.\tab \scaps0\tab Small capitals.\par}
{\pard 7\tab \\shad*\tab Shadow.\tab \shad1\tab Shadow.\tab \shad0\tab Shadow.\par}
{\pard 8\tab \\strike*\tab Strikethrough.\tab \strike1\tab Strikethrough.\tab \strike0\tab Strikethrough.\par}
{\pard 9\tab \\striked*\tab Double strikethrough. \\striked0 turns it off.\tab \striked1\tab Double strikethrough. \\striked0 turns it off.\tab \striked0\tab Double strikethrough. \\striked0 turns it off.\par}
{\pard 10\tab \\sub\tab Subscripts text and shrinks point size according to font information.\tab \sub\tab Subscripts text and shrinks point size according to font information.\tab \sub\tab Subscripts text and shrinks point size according to font information.\par}
{\pard 11\tab \\super\tab Superscripts text and shrinks point size according to font information.\tab \super\tab Superscripts text and shrinks point size according to font information.\tab \super\tab Superscripts text and shrinks point size according to font information.\par}
{\pard 12\tab \\ul*\tab Continuous underline. \\ul0 turns off all underlining.\tab \ul1\tab Continuous underline. \\ul0 turns off all underlining.\tab \ul0\tab Continuous underline. \\ul0 turns off all underlining.\par}
{\pard 13\tab \\ulcN\tab Underline color.\tab \ulcN\tab Underline color.\tab \ulcN\tab Underline color.\par}
{\pard 14\tab \\uld*\tab Dotted underline.\tab \uld1\tab Dotted underline.\tab \uld0\tab Dotted underline.\par}
{\pard 15\tab \\uldash*\tab Dashed underline.\tab \uldash1\tab Dashed underline.\tab \uldash0\tab Dashed underline.\par}
{\pard 16\tab \\uldashd*\tab Dash-dotted underline.\tab \uldashd1\tab Dash-dotted underline.\tab \uldashd0\tab Dash-dotted underline.\par}
{\pard 17\tab \\uldashdd*\tab Dash-dot-dotted underline.\tab \uldashdd1\tab Dash-dot-dotted underline.\tab \uldashdd0\tab Dash-dot-dotted underline.\par}
{\pard 18\tab \\uldb*\tab Double underline.\tab \uldb1\tab Double underline.\tab \uldb0\tab Double underline.\par}
{\pard 19\tab \\ulhwave*\tab Heavy wave underline.\tab \ulhwave1\tab Heavy wave underline.\tab \ulhwave0\tab Heavy wave underline.\par}
{\pard 20\tab \\ulldash*\tab Long dashed underline.\tab \ulldash1\tab Long dashed underline.\tab \ulldash0\tab Long dashed underline.\par}
{\pard 21\tab \\ulnone\tab Stops all underlining.\tab \ulnone\tab Stops all underlining.\tab \ulnone\tab Stops all underlining.\par}
{\pard 22\tab \\ulth*\tab Thick underline.\tab \ulth1\tab Thick underline.\tab \ulth0\tab Thick underline.\par}
{\pard 23\tab \\ulthd*\tab Thick dotted underline.\tab \ulthd1\tab Thick dotted underline.\tab \ulthd0\tab Thick dotted underline.\par}
{\pard 24\tab \\ulthdash*\tab Thick dashed underline.\tab \ulthdash1\tab Thick dashed underline.\tab \ulthdash0\tab Thick dashed underline.\par}
{\pard 25\tab \\ulthdashd*\tab Thick dash-dotted underline.\tab \ulthdashd1\tab Thick dash-dotted underline.\tab \ulthdashd0\tab Thick dash-dotted underline.\par}
{\pard 26\tab \\ulthdashdd* \tab Thick dash-dot-dotted underline.\tab \ulthdashdd1 \tab Thick dash-dot-dotted underline.\tab \ulthdashdd0 \tab Thick dash-dot-dotted underline.\par}
{\pard 27\tab \\ulthldash*\tab Thick long dashed underline.\tab \ulthldash1\tab Thick long dashed underline.\tab \ulthldash0\tab Thick long dashed underline.\par}
{\pard 28\tab \\ululdbwave*\tab Double wave underline.\tab \ululdbwave1\tab Double wave underline.\tab \ululdbwave0\tab Double wave underline.\par}
{\pard 29\tab \\ulw*\tab Word underline.\tab \ulw1\tab Word underline.\tab \ulw0\tab Word underline.\par}
{\pard 30\tab \\ulwave*\tab Wave underline.\tab \ulwave1\tab Wave underline.\tab \ulwave0\tab Wave underline.\par}
}
 