{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green22\blue231;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Email #1: Start of Mozilla Service Week\
Sender:  Mozilla Service Week\
Subject: Mozilla Service Week has kicked off!\
Dear ______:\
Thank you once again for signing on to make a difference with Mozilla Service Week, which starts today and goes until September 21st.\
Here\'92s how you can help make the week a success:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 * Fulfill your service pledge and help an organization or individual! \
* Still need an opportunity? You can choose from a list of service opportunities on our partner site for one near you or anywhere around the world! [http://mozservice09.idealist.org/] Or, you can check out our set of \'93action\'94 templates that are simple activities that can help make the Web better.  [http://www.mozilla.org/causes/serviceweek/]\
* Share your plans or stories on Mozilla Service Week\'92s site\'97it will help provide inspiration for others during our home stretch.  [http://mozillaservice.org/tell_us/your_stories/en_US]\
* Help promote Mozilla Service Week\'97it\'92s not too late. Recruit your friends and colleagues! [http://mozillaservice.org/promote/mozservice09/en_US]\
* Submit your completed hours so we can track our success. [http://mozillaservice.org/tell_us/your_pledge/en_US]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 And, remember to have fun. If you\'92re looking to celebrate the wrap of Mozilla Service Week you can join fellow Web lovers at a OneWebDay celebration near you on September 22nd. [http://onewebday.org/]\
We\'92re looking forward to making a difference together!\
- Mozilla Service team\
Be the Difference \'96 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mozillaservice.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://mozillaservice.org}}\
\'97\'97\'97\'97\'97\
Email #2: Finish of Mozilla Service Week\
Sender:  Mozilla Service Week\
Subject: Thanks for making Mozilla Service Week a success!\
Dear ______:\
Thank you for making Mozilla Service a true success! The Mozilla community completed over _______hours of service to date. We couldn\'92t have done it without you.\
If you haven\'92t already, please submit your completed hours and download your certificate of participation! Show it off by taking a photo of yourself with it and uploading it to Flickr with the tag \'93mozservice09\'94. [link TBD]\
Looking to celebrate? Join fellow Web lovers at a OneWebDay celebration near you today, September 22nd. [http://onewebday.org/]\
And, remember we don\'92t have to wait until the next Mozilla Service Week to make a difference. We can continue to provide help to organizations and individuals in need all year long!\
Thanks for making a difference!\
- Mozilla Service team\
Be the Difference \'96 {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mozillaservice.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://mozillaservice.org}}\
}