{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18020\viewh12240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Why should I become an official Mozilla supporter?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 We're the proud makers of Firefox, but that's not all. Mozilla is a global non-profit, building communities and giving people tools to control their online lives. We are about enriching people's lives instead of benefiting shareholders. We believe a better Web means a happier future for all of us\'97and we need your support to build it.
\f0 \
\
We don't have shareholders. Or a fancy stock abbreviation. We answer only to you. And we need your help. Be part of the movement, to help us help the Web. Join Mozilla here (https://mozilla.org/join) and start protecting the Web today!\
\
As a supporter, you'll have a backstage pass to the work our community does every day -- along with plenty of opportunities to take part! You'll receive regular content tailored for you, be among the first to learn about new programs and have opportunities to meet others all over the world who love Firefox and support the web.\
\
How long will I be an official supporter?\
When you join Mozilla you will become an official supporter for a 12-month period from the date you donated. You may also receive other fundraising requests at various points in time, but that does not affect your status as an official supporter. Your support will not auto-renew.        \
\
My card won't print!\
If you weren't able to print your card during the sign-up process, please drop us a line at askjoin@mozilla.org and we will be happy help.\
\
Can I change my t-shirt size?\
Pressed the wrong button during check out? Happens all the time. Drop us a line at askjoin@mozilla.org and we will be glad to help you get the size of shirt that you want.\
\
Where does my donation go?\
Supporter funds go to support Mozilla's work protecting the web and creating a generation of web makers. \
\
I\'92m receiving a payment error. Can you help?\
We use Paypal as our payment processor. If you're experiencing a payment error, check out the help section on their website: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/helpweb?cmd=_help. They even have virtual live support.\
\
How long will it take for my t-shirt to get to me?\
Your t-shirt should arrive within three to six weeks from the date you ordered it.\
\
Can I donate more?\
Absolutely! You can make a general donation to Mozilla here (https://donate.mozilla.org/page/contribute/openwebfund).\
\
How can I pay by check?\
Please print the attached form (https://www.mozilla.org/foundation/donate_form.pdf) and send it with the check made out Mozilla Foundation to:\
\
The Mozilla Foundation\
Join Mozilla\
650 Castro Street\
Suite 300\
Mountain View, CA, USA\
94041-2021\
\
I need some help with Firefox or other Mozilla Products.\
The Mozilla community is here to help you. You can search for questions or add a new one: http://support.mozilla.com/en-US/home\
\
What if I change my mind?                \
You can unsubscribe from any Mozilla communications at any time. Please know that your donation is a one-time event, and will not auto-renew.                \
                \
When I Join Mozilla, what happens to my data?\
                \
At the point of signing up your data is being given to Mozilla (which includes the Mozilla Foundation and Corporation). We will never sell, rent, or give your information to any third-party, and will only contact you as part of this program. For more information, check out our terms of service and privacy policy.                \
                \
How will my data be used?\
By signing up for the Join Mozilla program, your data will only be used by Mozilla (and its service providers). You will only receive Mozilla-related information.                \
                \
Help! I have a question about being part of Join Mozilla. Who do I ask?\
Fret not! Just send an e-mail to joinmozilla@mozilla.org and we'll get you sorted out.\
}