{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\margl1260\margr1080\margt450\ftnbj\ftnrestart \sectd \sbknone\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl2\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang}

\pard \fi-3600\li3600\sl0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600 
{\plain \fs22 11/25/03\tab \tab \tab \tab William Tomlinson, 28135\par
}\pard \sl0 
{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 HISTORY: The patient returns to clinic in follow up, has no new focal complaints.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 PHYSICAL EXAM: Wt.  257, T - 99, BP 129/82.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 1. General - the patient is a pleasant well nourished gentleman in no acute distress.  \par
}{\plain \fs22 2. Eyes - there is no evidence of jaundice, pupils are equal, round, and symmetric.\par
}{\plain \fs22 3. Ears, nose, and throat - no abnormalities are found on inspection of the nose and ears bilaterally.   Exam of the  
             mouth shows no abnormalities of the lips and gums.   The oropharynx shows the mucosa to be intact.        
             There are no lesions, exudates, or ulcerations noted on the hard and soft palate.\par
}{\plain \fs22 4. Neck - is symmetric, no palpable masses, tracheal position is midline.  Thyroid is within normal limits.\par
}{\plain \fs22 5. Respiratory - effort is not labored, no intracostal retractions or use of accessory muscles were identified.            
             Auscultation of the lungs revealed breath sounds throughout without rubs, rales, or rhonchi.\par
}{\plain \fs22 6. Cardiovascular - palpation of the heart shows it to be normal in locations and no thrills are palpated.  Heart       
             auscultation reveals a regular rate and rhythm with murmurs rubs or gallops appreciated.  \par
}{\plain \fs22 7.Gastrointestinal - abdomen reveals no masses or tenderness, no hepatosplenomegaly, no hernias noted, positive   
             bowel sounds.  \par
}{\plain \fs22 8. Musculoskeletal - examination of the gait is normal.  Digits reveal no clubbing, cyanosis, ischemia, or                
             infections.   \par
}{\plain \fs22 9. Skin - no rashes, lesions or ulcers are appreciated.  Palpation reveals no significant subcutaneous nodules,         
            tightening or induration.  \par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 ASSESSMENT AND PLAN:\par
}\pard \sl-864 \keepn\pvpara\dropcapli3\dropcapt1
{\plain \dn8\fs99 \par
}\pard \sl0 
{\par
}{\plain \fs22 1. CLL - one year and 8 months out, has had no treatment to date.  WBC has been steadily rising over 130,000.  
PLT count and HCT have been slightly low, but yet stable.  He is asymptomatic, therefore, will wait and watch.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 2. Hypogammaglobulinemia - significant infections in the past.  On IV IG though he has had a great time 
avoiding infections.  Will continue 70 gm q month.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 3. Arthritis - on Vioxx doing well.  \par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 4. Allergic rhinitis - Beclomethasone nasal spray works well for him.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 5. Peptic ulcer disease - on Nexium.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 6. Anemia - likely related to CLL, we are going to check haptoglobin and retic today to see how much hemolysis 
is ongoing.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 7. Vaccinations - did have flu vaccinations, tolerating it well.  \par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 John M. Waples, M.D.\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}{\plain \fs22 T:mlc\par
}{\plain \fs22 \par
}}