{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}
{\f3\fscript\fcharset0\fprq2 Monotype Corsiva;}}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid-99\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0
{\leveltext\leveltemplateid99\'02\'00);}
{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fbias0
\fi-360\li720\jclisttab\tx720\lin720 }
{\listname ;}\listid99}}
{\*\listoverridetable
{\listoverride\listid99\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl992\margr1418\margt567\margb567
\pard\plain \qc \fs20
{\fs24\b\f3 MyCompany Ltd}
{\par }\pard \ql 
{\par 
\par }
{\b Any Person
\par Complaints Team
\par This Bank
\par FREEPOST 
\par Thattown
\par AB1 2CD}
{\par 
\par 
\par Re: }
{\b A/C 12345678}
{\par 
\par Mytown, 23 June 2007,
\par 
\par Dear Any Person,
\par 
\par}\pard \qj 
{I am extremely angry of having to deal with this again, I\rquote m
 in the middle of moving home and have more important matters to take
 care or in the 36 hours that I\rquote m in the UK every week!
\par 
\par So \'93... We believe this document is referring
 to cross border payments in Euros between Countries with Euro Currencies
 and does not cover the circumstances highlighted in this case. ... \'93
\par 
\par Please do not believe, rely on facts and please read the enclosed
 copy of a letter from Mr EU Official, who replied to my complaint
 made directly to the legal information service of the EU.
\par 
\par Given his reply, I want you to
\par 
\par {\listtext\pard\plain \f0 1)\tab}}
\pard \qj \fi-360\li720\tx720\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0 
{Immediately refund these charges, an amount of }
{\b\fs20 GBP 28.00}
{\fs20 
\par 
{\listtext\pard\plain \f0 2)\tab}Pay me interest on them at a rate of }
{\b 25%, your own unauthorised overdraft rate}
{, for a total amount of }
{\b GBP 2.98 (*)}
{\par {\listtext\pard\plain\fs20 \f0 3)\tab}Compensate me for my time.
 I have now spent in excess of three hours dealing with this matter.
 Given that this is essentially overtime for me, I have decided to
 charge you at my overtime rate, which is 150% of my normal rate of
 eur 57.50 per hour, so this adds }
{\b eur 258.75 (GBP 174.31 at the moment of writing this)}
{\fs20  to what you owe me.
\par }\pard \qj 
{\par I expect the total amount, }
{\b GBP 205.29}
{, to be credited to my account with you within the next }
{\b five (5)}
{ working days and appear on my June statement. If it is not, I will
 indeed contact the FOS, which means that I will have to spend at least
 another hour on this matter, which will add another eur 82.25 to the
 amount you owe me. I will also continue to charge you 25% interest on
 the amount of GBP 28.00 that was deducted and I will start charging
 13.50% on the expenses I incurred until now. 
\par }\pard \ql 
{\par 
\par Yours sincerely,
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Me
\par }
{\ul Director}
{\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \qj {\fs16 (*) Payments entered my account on 2006-12-04,
 2007-01-04, 2007-02-05 and 2007-03-02. The interest as of today is
 calculated as (201+170+138+113)/365 * 25% * 7.00 = GBP 2.98.
\par }\pard \ql {\fs20 
\par 
\par }\pard \qc {\f2\fs16 MyCompany Limited, 999 Anystreet, Mytown, ZY9 8XW
\par Telephone: +44 (0)1234 567890
\par Registered in England No 9999999   Registered office as above   }
{\b\f2\fs16 VAT number 123 4567 89}}